Tektome.cc is a participative contribution platform and public forum that hopes to represent traditional knowledge systems from within the communities they originate from. It hopes to incentivise knowledge sharing by predicating it on the availability of funds that would be mobilized through various forms of fundraising. Articles would be read-only with the provision to append/edit subject to a majority consensus from internal stakeholders that would represent the cultural origins of the knowledge in question. Membership of potential contributors would be subject to invitation from or approval by existing members of tektome.cc who would be initially onboarded through partnerships with relevant organizations working with indigenous communities and/or climate action initiatives from around the globe. While the repository would not easily lend itself to further editing following the acceptance of articles, through an automated electoral process that would be facilitated via blockchain, each article would have an adjoining message board to enable discussions around each subject, and a general forum where members of the community and the general public can discuss and collectively mould potential conversations on the platform. 
The need to incorporate indigenous knowledges as a means of combating climate change has long gained consensus in public discourse surrounding the subject. This has informed the crafting of public policy and the mandate of non-profit organizations with regard to environmental action in various locations around the world but outside of these instances this conversation has widely remained within academic papers, panel discussions and workshops, considerably limiting its reach. Tektome.cc attempts to bridge this gap by initiating the creation of a platform where Traditional Ecological Knowledges can be made comparatively accessible to wider audiences to facilitate their relevant incorporation to complement climate action and environmentalist practices in distant regions. 
Research is a laborious process and this fact is not to be taken for granted. Outside of a fixed stipend that would be based on the length of articles, tektome.cc also proposes a self-governed system of validating additional costs (including travel, the renting of equipment and other miscellaneous charges) by members of its community who might be in geographical proximity but cultural distance from the the knowledge in question. The results of this can be disputed once by the contributor in question with support from their community and will be re-evaluated in the same manner by a new set of members meeting the same criteria. 
